[lab] Remove components which were moved from lab to material (#45232)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/migration/upgrade-to-v7/upgrade-to-v7.md

This list is a work in progress.
Expect updates as new breaking changes are introduced.
:::

### Lab components moved to the main package

> The following `@mui/lab` components and hook have been moved to the main package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following `@mui/lab` components and hook have been moved to `@mui/material`:
```

- Alert
- AlertTitle
- Autocomplete
- AvatarGroup
- Pagination
- PaginationItem
- Rating
- Skeleton
- SpeedDial
- SpeedDialAction
- SpeedDialIcon
- ToggleButton
- ToggleButtonGroup
- usePagination

To keep using these components and hook, import them from `@mui/material` instead of `@mui/lab`.

```diff
-import Alert from '@mui/lab/Alert';
+import Alert from '@mui/material/Alert';

-import { Alert } from '@mui/lab';
+import { Alert } from '@mui/material';
```

Use this codemod to automatically update the imports:

<!-- #npm-tag-reference -->

```bash
npx @mui/codemod@next v7.0.0/lab-removed-components <path/to/folder>
```

:::warning
The codemod doesn't cover type imports associated with the components.

> :::

Author: I don't think it's worth our time to add them, there are a lot of them, and I think users are rarely using them. We can add them in the future if enough people ask.

Author: (The default component type, i.e., the `Alert` type for the `Alert` component, is covered as it's "the same" import as the component)
